(footsteps approaching)
Oh, finally, the
scenery is beginning
to change a little bit.
What do you care?
We're doing all the
work here carrying you.
But you're right, we're
actually seeing some plant life
when we didn't before.
And that means that--
We're getting close to
the Land of Fire now.
I was getting worried earlier,
but it looks like we're gonna
make it to the Hidden Leaf.
Don't let your guard down,
our mission still
isn't over yet.
Oh, come on, I know
you've gotta be
at least a little happy
about this too Shinki.
Shut up for a second.
You've gotta stop
being so wound up.
He's coming.
(air whooshing)
So we meet again.
(laughs)
Damn it, not you.
(Opening Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
(suspenseful music)
What, no way, was Gaara's
Sealing Jutsu undone?
I have to admit that it
took a little more time
than I anticipated.
Your friend's jutsu
really was quite
a troublesome little thing.
But at least now I've
finally found the One Tail.
With the seal on the tea kettle,
Master Shukaku's chakra
should be undetectable.
How did you?
It was easy actually,
I've been watching you
through my puppets.
(suspenseful music)
So all I had to do was
follow the two of you
with these eyes.
The Byakugan, so
once he found us,
no matter how far away he was,
he could just
follow us with that.
That's right, and that
is really annoying me.
Perfect timing, now I can take
all of the chakra from Shukaku
and from the two of you as well.
The chakra I got earlier
from that mother and son team
wasn't bad either.
Oh, my chakra gathering
is going so smoothly.
Why you!
What did you do to
Shikadai and Aunt Temari?
Hold it, I told you not
to get too emotional.
You don't wanna make the
same mistake again, do you?
Neither my father nor
Sasuke Uchiha are here now.
[Boruto] Trust me, I
know the difference
between our power
and his, but still.
Oh, are the two of you
having a strategy meeting?
If you make this fun for me,
I'll be glad to wait for you.
Shinki, tear off
the Sealing Tag.
I'll handle this.
Please just wait, once the
seal's off, it's off for good.
But that won't matter at all
if this Urashiki
guy gets us now.
I'm so sick and
tired of seeing him
get the better of us like this.
How's the strategy coming along?
After making me wait
for all this time,
I hope that you aren't
going to bore me too much.
Damn it, he's totally
making fun of us.
Let him lower his guard,
we'll use it against him.
Listen, I have a
plan Master Shukaku.
Boruto, you buy
us a little time.
Hold on, why?
'Cause, I'm gonna stop him.
(air whooshing)
Are you going to be ready soon?
Well then, let's have some
fun right now, shall we?
(Byakugan blazing)
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
(weapon exploding)
(Urashiki laughing)
Your best strategy
is a child's game?
Just shut up.
(Byakugan blazing)
Then the real one is.
(air whooshing)
Take this.
(Boruto groans)
I was really hoping
you'd be able
to make this more fun for me.
(weapon explodes)
Don't mess with me.
(Boruto thuds)
(upbeat music)
This simply isn't going to do.
I gave you all that time
and this is all you've got?
Shinki!
This is, secret Black
Art, Black Iron.
(wind rustling)
(upbeat music)
Seriously, another
sealing jutsu?
You people have one-track minds
when it comes to fighting.
Let's go.
Okay.
(upbeat music)
I guess I'll have to wait
till later to have my fun.
Wow, I had no idea
you really knew
how to use Puppet
Jutsu like that.
My uncle taught me how to do it.
Mr. Kankuro?
But still, even my
father's Sealing Jutsu
wasn't enough to
hold him for long.
He'll be coming
after us shortly.
So what are we gonna do?
For now, we put some
distance between us, also.
(air whooshing)
What was that?
It's a Third Eye of Iron Sand.
We'll be able to use it to
detect Urashiki's approach.
Leaving several of them behind
should help us track his moves.
No way, your Iron Sand is
capable of doing that too?
Still, we've got to do
something about his Byakugan.
I'm on it.
Huh, hey, that's not
the way to the Leaf.
Just come on (grunts).
What do you mean?
I have to admit that ninjutsu
can really be
unbelievably vexing.
(air whooshing)
Now then, time to
restart our game of tag.
(air whooshing)
It seems he's on the move now.
(suspenseful music)
(air whooshing)
I knew it.
Hey, listen, what's
going on anyway?
Why go this way?
Why are we avoiding
the quickest route
to the Hidden Leaf Village?
Because right now, Urashiki
is taking the shortest route
to our destination,
the Land of Fire.
What, but why?
Can't he follow us
with his Byakugan?
Oh, I get it.
The range of his Byakugan's
vision is limited
to where he looks.
Yes, but if he's not watching us
he can't see that
we've gone off route.
Of course, and that
means at least for now
that he's lost sight of us.
So we're safe from that
annoying Byakugan of his
and we just have to hurry up
and get to the Land
of Fire, right?
No, we must consider every
move carefully right now.
What, why is that?
If we rush straight
to the Land of Fire,
then he might be able to find
us again with his Byakugan.
Although, if we take too much
time, he'll get suspicious.
We have to find a way.
Wait, I know.
A guy named Gojyo
has a house up ahead.
He helped me out once before
and I'm pretty sure he
had a transmitter too.
Yes, I see.
Which means that we can call
the Hidden Leaf for help.
But do you really
think we can trust him?
Of course, I mean,
he's kinda grumpy,
but, he's a good guy.
All right, then we'll
go there (grunts).
Shinki, hey, what's the matter?
He's been pushing himself.
And what do you mean by that?
Puppet Jutsu alone
uses a lot of chakra.
Plus he's been using it remotely
and he made a bunch
of Third Eyes.
That's why he's
completely exhausted.
I'm fine, this is
nothing, come on.
Hey, wait, take a
little break at least.
There's no time to waste.
What, hold on.
I thought you calculated
your chakra allotment
or whatever you said.
Gaara and Kankuro
entrusted everything to him
but still, he isn't a machine.
(soft music)
He's desperate to live
up to their expectations.
(soft music)
What's the big idea?
I can walk.
Oh, come on, you can
barely even stand up.
And also, I'm
sorry about earlier
when I called you a machine.
You could learn a thing or two
if you tried to be
more like a machine.
Hey, you want me to drop you?
(footsteps approaching)
Are you actually sure that
there's a house around here?
He wanted to avoid
more fighting,
so he lives out here, along
with his only daughter Isago.
(wind rumbling)
Hey, there it is.
That's Gojyo's house.
Hold it.
What's wrong?
Something's off.
(suspenseful music)
(footsteps approaching)
What happened here?
Mr. Gojyo?
Isago?
(suspenseful music)
Did Urashiki do this?
Or was something
else responsible?
Mr. Gojyo?
Isago?
Boruto!
Hey, Isago, what happened?
Where's your dad?
My father is, my
father is, (sobs).
Mr. Gojyo? (grunts)
Damn it, it won't budge.
Can you tell us
who attacked you?
Hey, right now rescuing
Mr. Gojyo comes first
before anything else.
He's pinned down
under all that rubble
so it's probably too
late to save him.
Right now, we need to get a
better grasp on the situation.
Are you kidding me?
He's right there,
we could save him.
You're really just
gonna ignore him?
Forget what I said,
you are a machine,
and you're always
gonna be that way.
(suspenseful music)
For Isago, Gojyo is
all the family she has.
(both grunting)
So how could we ever abandon
her dad right in front of her?
(both grunting)
(suspenseful music)
Dad! Oh, dad.
Dad I thought (sobs).
Isago, thanks so much.
Thank goodness.
All right, are
you satisfied now?
Hey, Shinki, hold up.
Attacked out of nowhere?
Dad and I were working
out in the garden
when this red fireball
came hurtling down
and destroyed our house.
Dad told me to go and
hide in the railcar,
so I took cover there, but.
A red fireball?
(Byakugan blazing)
Little girl, did you
see who did this?
Someone with white
eyes and white clothes,
flying in the air.
That's Urashiki.
Damn him, why would
he go after people
who have nothing
to do with this?
Boruto, he seemed to
be looking for you two.
Dad, what?
He was laughing, and
hurled a red ball
of chakra at us (grunts).
Mr. Gojyo, take it easy.
Where did Urashiki go?
I don't know.
He just flew off
in the direction
of the Land of Fire (grunts).
(suspenseful music)
There's no way that the
transmitter's still gonna work
all smashed up like this.
We're simply going
to have to come up
with another solution then.
I just don't get Shinki, I
still can't figure him out.
I know he's not a bad
guy, but at the same time.
Hey, who are you talking to?
You didn't think
that was me, did you?
Oh, uh, I'm really
sorry about that.
It just looked so
much like you so I--
Hey, stop messing around.
I'm Master Shukaku,
the One Tail.
So don't confuse me with
some random tea kettle.
Sorry about that.
As I thought, the
issue's with the river.
What was that?
(soft upbeat music)
For us to get into
the Land of Fire,
we're going to have
to use this bridge
to cross over the river.
But it's just a bridge,
it'll be easy, right?
When we're near the
bridge and crossing it
there's nowhere to hide.
Although, as we said before,
it's the shortest route
available, the only one really.
I'm sure Urashiki will be
lying in wait for us there.
So we'll be heading
right toward a place
that doesn't really
have any escape route.
I just don't think
that there's a way
to avoid a
confrontation with him.
There is another road.
What's that?
But where?
There's nothing
about it on the map.
It's a longer way to travel.
It's a route that only the
locals around here know about.
So if we use that
path, Urashiki won't--
Hold on, I'm sure that Urashiki
will be waiting at the bridge.
And when we don't show up,
knowing what we know of him,
he'll start looking around,
and he'll find the other
route before too long.
So what are we gonna do then?
Hold on, I have an idea.
There's a way.
What is it?
We're gonna use both routes.
Huh! Oh!
One of us will go to the
bridge where he's waiting,
and that person will be carrying
this nearly
identical tea kettle.
At the very least,
that'll buy a little time
for the other one of us who'll
be taking the longer detour
with the real Shukaku.
I see, a decoy operation!
Exactly.
But you know, right?
Know what?
That the decoy
probably won't survive.
Yeah, I know that.
So I'll do it.
(soft music)
We'll need Shadow Clone
Jutsu and Transformation
for this to work.
And, only I can do those.
You'll take Shukaku to the Leaf.
So what do you think?
It just seems logical.
(soft upbeat music)
Are you leaving now?
Hey, don't look so sad.
We're in the middle
of a mission here.
It seems that you're always
saving us, thank you.
No problem.
And I owe you thanks as well.
Although I did
nothing in particular.
Don't be so shy.
Let's go.
(water rushing)
The bridge is just up ahead.
Once we cross it we'll
be in the Hidden Leaf.
(air whooshing)
[Urashiki] I've been
getting tired of waiting.
There you are.
Seriously, did you two take
a wrong turn or something?
(Byakugan blazing)
(water splashing)
What about you?
Why did you attack
those innocent people?
Oh, you that man
and his daughter?
Well, since I couldn't
find the two of you
I needed to do something to
kill some time, didn't I?
[Boruto] Kill some time?
Why are you so upset about it?
You don't even know
them, they're strangers.
[Shinki] Why you?
Hey, don't forget
about the plan.
(scoffs) Yeah, but--
Don't worry, I'm totally
gonna beat him up.
But before I can do that,
there's still something else
that you and I need to do.
(Urashiki laughs)
-(suspenseful music)
-(footsteps approaching)
Looks like it's started, huh?
So, is this what
you meant earlier
when you were talking about
unavoidable sacrifice?
Hey, what's with the
sad look on your face?
There's no look on my face.
Oh well, okay then.
But what's that feeling when
you leave something behind
but you keep turning
back to look at it?
It's called regret, isn't it?
(suspenseful music)
(wind rustling)
My chakra's, replenishing.
I Just hope,
I'm not too late.
(Closing Theme Music)
(singing in Japanese)
Boruto, it's up to
you to buy us time.
[Boruto] Leave it
all to me, you know.
[Urashiki] First it's tag and
now it's hide-and-go-seek?
It's pointless to struggle,
so why don't you just hand
the One Tail over to me now?
[Boruto] Hmm, like we'd
just give him to you.
[Urashiki] Such audacity
from someone so weak.
[Narrator] Next time on "Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations:
"Boruto and Shinki."
[Boruto] I gotta buy some time
till Shinki reaches
the Leaf, or else.
(Closing Theme Music)